The site is almost working on my phone, but its just a little too wide (could be fixed).

There is a big space between the introductory text and the project list on the Nexus 7.

Take screenshots of the site running on my different devices to show responsive design on the portfolio page.

Need to purge/recreate cached PHP/HTML pages when any of the dependencies have changed.

Consider adding a step to merge all of the CSS files into one.

In utils/upload.sh, it is uploading everything in the cache, not just .timestamp.

A bunch of the project pages need to be filled in with text and screenshots.
I should talk about what each project was, purpose, tech used,

On mobile devices, show the welcome section on the main page just above the project list.

The PROJECTS array contains a description of each project and an array of the tech used.
Integrate this into the project listing, and have the tags as a comma-separated one-liner.

Allow the user to disable the iframe if they want to (ie: click to toggle).

-----------------

Replace all instances of querySelector{,All} with find.
Find needs to be enhanced to allow starting from the "document" element.
This currently doesn't work because it tries to set its ID.

The minimum width of the project info div is too small on at least one browser
(maybe IE?) because then the PAGE project overflows onto too many lines.

It would be nice if the GitHub banner could overlay the rest of the page without
preventing the top-right-most project in the list from being selected.

A lot of the links don't work, and the project list is messed up, in IE7.

Consider writing a standard HTML5/YouTube-fallback video function (test in IE).

iframe's response to resize events has been disabled due to a bug.

Consider rewriting the address bar with a ?project=XXX query string when you select a project or a tag.
Consider handling ?tags=XXX in the query string on page load.

Ensure the Explorer demo meets the licensing requirements of its dependencies (rebuild and include license files).

Change PAGE so that it checks for OpenAL32.dll and disables audio if its not found.

Reduce the size/quality of the Explorer MPEG video, and create an Ogg/Theora version.

If HTML5 video is not supported, we might need to detect this and replace with the YouTube version.
The current function for doing this may not work when HTML5 isn't supported at all.

Test everything with IE7 and IE8.  Also test IE6, but not for feature completion.

iframe.js is affecting the positioning of the footer.

iframe.js shouldn't force scrollbars to be hidden in IE.

The include/content/welcome.html.php should be able to have any HTML extension.
The same thing is needed in body.html.php when finding the thumbnail images.

Add some kind of subtle animation, whether its birds flying in the background or grass swaying in the wind.

Add some kind of background than integrates with the iframe, whether its clouds slightly occluding the bottom-left corner or something else.

Consider using jQuery animation to make the iframe grow/shrink when loading a new project.

Consider adding categories and/or tags.

It would be better if the variables weren't sent to lessphp as strings when not necessary, so we wouldn't have to unquote them.  But lessphp can't parse the paths as non-strings.

Use YouTube video of Explorer (just uploaded).

Try to find backup copy of Explorer source code.

Link to YouTube video of PAGE's AABB system or try to copy the video to my account.

Consider moving lessphp and Mobile_Detect out of the php directory and into include/thirdparty.

Consider making XXX_URL not include a trailing path-separator, which is what Drupal apparently does.

Consider inserting the proper root directory (ie: HTML_FROM_SITE_ROOT) by default in "load_XXX" and "load_XXX_if_exists".

Make a nice hand-drawn background with pencil (or at least textured).

When the wildcard for list_dir has no wildcard characters, it should still match the pattern specified.

The pattern matching in list_dir should compare extensions non-case-sensitively.

I don't think the path sorting in list_dir produces the correct results (/ vs _, etc).

Consider caching more of the site.  See <http://phplens.com/lens/php-book/optimizing-debugging-php.php>.
